hi guys i was going to give you a quick
brief tour of equipment I use for
recording my videos anyway I'm actually
shooting the LG g4 review right now and
since I got a setup I might as well show
you so let me go ahead and show you here
I've got my gh4 here which I really love
I there's no memory card I'm running out
of battery okay but this is what i use
and this camera i love it you can go
ahead and flip outs and also I've got
this is called a meta bone speed booster
if you already have like canon or nikon
lenses you can go ahead and use this and
actually makes your f-stop go down by 1
i'm so this put f are actually like yeah
almost 1 so this is f 1.8 gets it down
to like 1.2 um so you can get brighter
photos and videos and stuff i love this
thing because i can keep using my canon
lenses and i love this lens this is like
primarily the only ones i use because
you can go from 18 to 35 @ f 1.8
constant I'm so I highly recommend this
if there's one lens I love this camera
because you can do 4k oh my my Canon
DSLRs they just can't do for case so
that's why I stopped using them and also
I've got tougher lighting I got these
soft boxes I got on the Amazon I got two
of these and I've got them mounted to a
wall here you can see it's an adjustable
it can go up and down also you can go
sideways on so that way i can adjust it
lighting i would say probably most
important especially i used to use these
uh cheap LED lights but with this light
you can see that the light reflects a
real nicely here and also basically on
my camera I let me go ahead and adjust
this real quick for my camera I've got a
tripod manfrotto tripod i love this
thing i've been using this for almost
eight years now never breaks i took it
into the swimming pool for my swimming
shots in the snow so i've got this thing
here
what I do is I just point it down here
and i'll show you how i set up my my
camera here which is probably the most
important i've got i can adjust the
aperture here alright using the style
and then there's another dial up here i
can go ahead and adjust this here i have
my iso set at a 100 pretty much every
time that way you know i can make the
use of good lighting and also maximize
my quality of my videos or whatever but
i love this thing this fluid head this
is definitely one thing you should get
because makes everything fluid you know
you get those nice panty shots you
absolutely need to get one of these if
you want to make videos and also up and
down all right i also have a tracker and
stuff but this is definitely more useful
I think tracker I sort of limited in
uses but this one you can sort of carry
it everywhere with you so definitely get
one of these sorry for the mess here I
am I got od'd on Android the other day I
my camera is falling apart alright
that's pretty much my setup for audio I
use these things called sennheiser aw100
this is what everybody uses if you need
a good microphone and it's wireless I'll
get these i strap this one is the
receiver I got it hooked up to my zoom
for voiceovers I do it connected here
because other zoom microphone it sucks
you actually have to hook up something
you can also hook a phantom microphone
but I love this thing if you have this
you don't need any other mic microphone
basically I hook this up to the gh4 when
I do the intros and whatever and I've
got this hooked up all the time I've had
this for almost five years are a couple
years down but it's like 800 bucks but
totally worth it you can also get the
microphone like a handheld microphone
which i also have and you can hook up
like three two different microphones all
wireless so highly recommend it if
you're going to spend some money on
audio definitely get this also for
camera gh4 is nice you know i mean this
is this is probably the bed
so you can get I think for your money if
you want to do 4k and also future proof
but that's pretty much it and also I've
got to let me see gotta oh this is my
old camera canon for photos and stuff oh
I got here we go I got my my uh this is
my tracker here alright i use the
tracker and also I've got this cheap ass
what is this crane but I'm we like it
that much so I don't like to recommend
it um but this is my setup this is I do
everything and you know this is how he
doing it right now but it seems to work
just fine for most things I'll probably
need a better tracker and more equipment
but um you know if you're looking for
making videos online you know even if
you're not making videos about phones
and stuff certainly DSLRs or something
like gh4 i love it i also got the
battery pack here which makes it easier
to him and also your battery will last
longer but that's pretty much it you may
just want to give you a quick heads up
for those of you just starting out with
youtube I'm not like mkbhd but I know
you know a little bit about cameras I
think so hopefully that helps you all
right bye